# Restaurant-Management-System

Online Restaurant management system is the system for manage the restaurant business. After successfiil login the customer can access the menu page with the items listed according to the desired time. The main point of developing this system is to help restaurant administrator manage the restaurant business and help customer for online ordering and reserve table. In proposed system user can search for a menu according to his choice i.e. according to price range and category of food and later he can order a meal. This is followed by the program creating a bill of the listed items which were ordered.

This program obtains input from a user by displaying a list of options – the menu – from which the user indicates his/her choice. Systems running menu-driven programs are commonplace, ranging from icroprocessor controlled washing machines to bank cash dispensers. In the case of the cash dispenser, single keys are pressed to indicate the type of transaction (whether a receipt is wanted with the cash, or if a statement of the bank balance is required) and with many, a single key is pressed to indicate the amount of money required

Menu-driven systems are advantageous in two ways: firstly, because input is via single key strokes, the system is less prone to user error; secondly, because only a limited range of characters are “allowed”, the way in which the input is to be entered is unambiguous. This contributes toward making the system more user-friendly. Compare command-line interface.
